.TH SE 1 "2025" "se 3.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
se \- universal package manager wrapper
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B se
[\fICOMMAND\fR] [\fIPACKAGE\fR...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B se
is a unified package manager wrapper for Linux. It lets you install, update,
remove, and manage packages using the same commands regardless of which distro
or package manager you are running.
.PP
Supported backends: apt, nala, pacman, dnf, zypper, emerge, xbps.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.BR \-S ", " \-\-get " \fIpackage\fR"
Install a package.
.TP
.BR \-Rm ", " \-\-remove " \fIpackage\fR"
Remove a package.
.TP
.BR \-Cl ", " \-\-purge " \fIpackage\fR"
Purge a package and its configuration files.
.TP
.BR \-I ", " \-\-index " \fIpackage\fR"
Search for a package in the repository.
.TP
.BR \-Up ", " \-\-update
Update the package lists.
.TP
.BR \-Ut ", " \-\-upgrade
Upgrade all installed packages.
.TP
.BR \-Rec ", " \-\-reconfigure
Detect and reconfigure the package manager. Useful if you switch distros or
want to change the backend (e.g. switch from apt to nala).
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Print the installed version of se.
.TP
.BR \-H ", " \-\-help
Show a short command reference.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/se/config.se
Stores the detected package manager. Delete this file or run
.B se \-\-reconfigure
to re-detect.
.SH EXAMPLES
Install a package:
.PP
.RS
.nf
se --get firefox
.fi
.RE
.PP
Remove a package:
.PP
.RS
.nf
se --remove firefox
.fi
.RE
.PP
Update and upgrade:
.PP
.RS
.nf
se --update
se --upgrade
.fi
.RE
.PP
Search for a package:
.PP
.RS
.nf
se --index neovim
.fi
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
Barry C <https://github.com/barryC12>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR apt (8),
.BR pacman (8),
.BR dnf (8),
.BR zypper (8),
.BR emerge (1),
.BR xbps\-install (1)
